feat(python): Add troubleshooting for multiprocessing deprecation (#12354)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/troubleshooting.mdx

If you need more fine-grained control over the behavior of the socket, check out
<PlatformLink to="/configuration/options/#socket-options">socket-options</PlatformLink>.

## Multiprocessing deprecation after Python 3.12

> If you're on Python greater than 3.12, you might see the following deprecation warning on Linux environments since the SDK spawns several threads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're on Python version 3.12 or greater, you might see the following deprecation warning on Linux environments since the SDK spawns several threads.
```

```

> DeprecationWarning: This process is multi-threaded, use of fork() may lead to deadlocks in the child.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DeprecationWarning: This process is multi-threaded, use of fork() may lead to deadlocks in the child process.
```

Author: this is a deprecation warning from python, that's how they have it
